And to wrap up the kind of insights and takeaways for this portion where we added in a musical track,
I just want to touch on why I was deciding to cut the way that I did.
So if I expand this a little bit, we can see clearly that these four video clips are really the same
length.
That means the pacing is equal between this section of the edit.
So let's go ahead and play that through.
Boom.
The reason I decided to do that is because the track was dictating the way I was cutting.
So you can feel that right here what you're hearing is the strong beat that's happening, boom, right
there, boom, right there, boom, right there, and boom right there.
And then what changes in the track is that strong beat moves to this portion.
Where things go and slow down.
Right.
So when you're not knowing when to cut or when to really switch things up on your edit or what pacing
to have, and you're using a musical track, what I want you to take away from this a lesson is that
you're using your ear and the beat and the rhythm to dictate what is shown and what is being cut.
And if I cut to something that's not as primary as what we are cutting to hear and really following
the rhythm and the pacing of the song, let's say we cut to the bells in the background.
OK, there's a bell right there.
So we'll see what that looks like.
So you can see we're using the same shots in literally the same exact ordering, but you're feeling
the moments differently and there's different emphasis given to different moments, depending on where
they're lined up with your audio track, with your musical track, and where those strong beats or striking
points are hitting your footage.
So really think about that and keep that in mind as you're putting your edits together and as we're
moving together throughout the rest of this course.